Computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes. ~ Edsger Dijkstra

find a job you love to do and you wont have to work a day in your life.

The universe is not only stranger than we imagine, it's stranger than we can imagine. ~ JBS Haldane

If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe. ~ Carl Sagan

Real programmers don't document. If it was hard to write, it should be hard to understand.

And 1.1.81 is officially BugFree(tm), so if you receive any bug-reports on it, you know they are just evil lies. -- Linus Torvalds

UNIX was not designed to stop you from doing stupid things, because that would also stop you from doing clever things. -- Doug Gwyn

And don't tell me there isn't one bit of difference between null and space, because that's exactly how much difference there is. -- Larry Wall

Real Programmers consider "what you see is what you get" (WYSIWYG) to be just as bad a concept in text editors as it is in women. No, the Real Programmer wants a "you asked for it, you got it" text editor -- complicated, cryptic, powerful, unforgiving, dangerous. TECO, to be precise. -- Ed Post

Contrary to popular belief, you don't become a geek because you're smarter than everyone else. You become a geek because your social skills are retarded. While you're off administering a Linux system, the rest of us are kissing girls. So the tech support guys can be as snide as they want. The minute the clock strikes 5, we win. -- Bad News Hughes

The C Programming Language -- A language which combines the flexibility of assembly language with the power of assembly language.

If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. 

People that hate Windows; run Linux. People that love Unix; run FreeBSD

Premature optimization is the root of all evil. -- D.E. Knuth

The primary purpose of the DATA statement is to give names to constants; instead of referring to pi as 3.141592653589793 at every appearance, the variable PI can be given that value with a DATA statement and used instead of the longer form of the constant. This also simplifies modifying the program, should the value of pi change. -- FORTRAN manual for Xerox Computers

…the Linux philosophy is "laugh in the face of danger". Oops. Wrong one. "Do it yourself". That's it    Torvalds, Linus

When you say, "I wrote a program that crashed Windows," people just stare at you blankly and say, "Hey, I got those with the system, for free." 

The memory management on the PowerPC can be used to frighten small children. 

Unix is simple. It just takes a genius to understand its simplicity." – Dennis Ritchie

"Unix was not designed to stop its users from doing stupid things, as that would also stop them from doing clever things." – Doug Gwyn

You may be more talented than me. You might be smarter than me. And you may be better looking than me. But if we get on a treadmill together you are going to get off first or I’m going to die. It’s really that simple. I’m not going to be outworked -- will smith

“Everybody pities the weak; jealousy you have to earn." ― Arnold Schwarzenegger 

if wars can be started by lies, they can be stopped by truth- julian assange

when you are not practising, remember, someone somewhere is -- ed mac auley

A tiger doesn't lose sleep over the opinion of sheep.

Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.' - Mark Twain

"A human being should be able to change a diaper, plan an invasion, butcher a hog, conn a ship, design a building, write a sonnet, balance accounts, build a wall, set a bone, comfort the dying, take orders, give orders, cooperate, act alone, solve equations, analyze a new problem, pitch manure, program a computer, cook a tasty meal, fight efficiently, die gallantly. Specialization is for insects." — Robert Heinlein,

Don't practice until you get it right. Practice until you can't get it wrong. - Unknown

"A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor," Old english proverb

“If there is a God, He will have to beg my forgiveness.” — A phrase that was carved on the walls of a concentration camp cell during WWII by a Jewish prisoner.

Grayson Marshall — 'If people aren't laughing at your dreams…then they aren't big enough!'

Bruce Lee — 'The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering.'

“Some people are so poor, all they have is money." ― Patrick Meagher 

Bruce Lee — 'If I tell you I'm good, probably you will say I'm boasting. But if I tell you I'm not good, you'll know I'm lying.'

Remember that guy that gave up? Neither does no one else.  - Unknown

We have guided missiles and misguided men. Martin Luther King, Jr

do not pray for a easy life 

"The man who says it can not be done should not interrupt the man doing it" -Chinese Proverb

"Never argue with an idiot. They will only bring you down to their level and beat you with experience." Mark Twain

"Every man is guilty of the good he does not do."---Voltaire

A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for. ---William Shedd

"A man dies twice. First when his heart stops beating and again when his name is spoken for the last time."

"the more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle."

"Luck favors the prepared." -Louis Pasteur

"Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I learn.” ― Benjamin Franklin

If brain was so simple we could understand it, we would be so simple we couldn't understand it.

Some people claim that the UNIX learning curve is steep, but at least you only have to climb it once.



Fictional
=========

Do or do not, there is no try --yoda

Me? I'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. Honestly. It's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... stupid. Jack Sparrow

Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies. -andy dufresne

The universe is a pretty big place. It's bigger than anything anyone has ever dreamed of before. So if it's just us... seems like an awful waste of space. Right? - Contact (1997)

"Never forget who you are, for surely the world wont. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness. Armor yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you." - Tyrion Lannister

I'm not doubting your honour, I'm denying its existance. - Tyrion Lannister

You see, madness, as you know, is like gravity. All it takes is a little push! 

If you're good at something, never do it for free.
